README.md, before:

# Materials

## :closed_book: Base

[JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures](https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms) - JavaScript based examples of many popular algorithms and data structures

[Design Patterns JS](https://github.com/fbeline/design-patterns-JS) -  23 design patterns implemented in JavaScript using both prototype and ES6 classes

[Design Patterns For Humans](https://github.com/sohamkamani/javascript-design-patterns-for-humans) - explanation to design patterns based to [Design Patterns For Humans](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/design-patterns-for-humans)

[CSS Words](https://github.com/yoksel/common-words) - Words commonly used in CSS classes

## :green_book: Git & Github

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) - specification for adding human and machine readable meaning to commit messages

[Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet) - cheat sheet automatically generated from [GitHub Emoji API](https://api.github.com/emojis) and [Unicode Full Emoji List](https://unicode.org/emoji/charts/full-emoji-list.html)

## :orange_book: Growth

[Roadmap.sh](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) - Community driven roadmaps, articles and resources for developers

## :blue_book: Books

[You don't know JS](https://github.com/azat-io/you-dont-know-js-ru) - Russian translate of the book series "You Don’t Know JS"

Commit message:

docs: add Learn Git Branching

README.md, after:

# Materials

## :closed_book: Base

[JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures](https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms) - JavaScript based examples of many popular algorithms and data structures

[Design Patterns JS](https://github.com/fbeline/design-patterns-JS) -  23 design patterns implemented in JavaScript using both prototype and ES6 classes

[Design Patterns For Humans](https://github.com/sohamkamani/javascript-design-patterns-for-humans) - Explanation to design patterns based to [Design Patterns For Humans](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/design-patterns-for-humans)

[CSS Words](https://github.com/yoksel/common-words) - Words commonly used in CSS classes

## :green_book: Git & Github

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) - Specification for adding human and machine readable meaning to commit messages

[Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet) - Cheat sheet automatically generated from [GitHub Emoji API](https://api.github.com/emojis) and [Unicode Full Emoji List](https://unicode.org/emoji/charts/full-emoji-list.html)

[Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) - Visual application for learning GIT

## :orange_book: Growth

[Roadmap.sh](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) - Community driven roadmaps, articles and resources for developers

## :blue_book: Books

[You don't know JS](https://github.com/azat-io/you-dont-know-js-ru) - Russian translate of the book series "You Don’t Know JS"
